c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.exe
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.deps.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.pdb
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Sistemas de ventas.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Sistemas de ventas.props
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Sistemas de ventas.props
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Sistemas de ventas.props
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Sistemas de ventas.styles.css
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas.72D8D599.Up2Date
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Sistemas de ventas.dll
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.pdb
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\Sistemas de ventas.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\moran\OneDrive\Documentos\C#\Sistemas de ventas\Sistemas de ventas\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Sistemas de ventas.dll
